Special abilities PR 5, Split Speed values (#8)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/dauntless.adoc

= Dauntless

Some troops are so disciplined or relentless that they never flinch in the face of the enemy.

[NOTE.e40k]
====

> In comparison to _Epic 40,000_, we've separated this ability from parts of the Dark Angels Deathwing and Tyranid Synapse Creatures rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In comparison to _Epic 40,000_, we derived this ability from parts of the Dark Angels Deathwing and Tyranid Synapse Creatures rules.
```
